I am Eizaburo Ueno, a professor in
agriculture science at Tokyo University.
I was born in 1872. I had looked for the perfect
Akita puppy for a long time, until one of my
students encouraged me to adopt Hachiko, my
loyal dog from Akita prefecture of Japan.
As Hachiko grew older, he started to see me off to
work in the morning at the Shibuya Train Station,
in central Tokyo and went to pick me up
at the station in the afternoon when i
returned from work. On May 21, 1925,
only two years after Hachiko was born,
Hachiko was as usually sitting by the exit at
Shibuya train station waiting for me. But I never
showed up. I suffered from a cerebral hemorrhage
and died suddenly and unexpectedly while at work.
Hachiko moved in with a former
gardener of the Ueno family.
But throughout the rest of his ten-year-long
life, he kept going to the Shibuya Train
Station every morning and afternoon precisely
when the train was due to enter the station.
He sat there for hours, patiently waiting in vain
for the return of me which sadly never came back.
In 1935, Hachiko passed away peacefully
and alone on the street near Shibuya
train station and still represents the
warmest and most loyal bond between
humans and dogs. Loyalty is not easy but it is
rewarding, let Hachiko vibe live among us all.